
Bookie README
Version 0.2

The Bookie app have special compiler, OS and requirements for now:

1)  This project will only compile using clang 3.2, which comes with only Xcode
    4.6 DP4. A paid Apple iOS Developer Program is required to download this. I
    guarantee this project will build without even warnings, and will run smooth
    on actual devices. Simulator is not tested and will never be, and Xcode 4.5
    and older will not compile this project.
    
2)  This project is intended to run on devices with iOS 6.1 and up, certain
    features may not be available on devices with older versions of iOS and the
    minimum requirement is 6.0. The latest public version available as of Jan.
    3, 2013 is iOS 6.0.1, and with a paid account, the latest developer build is
    iOS 6.1 DP4, which is the intended target.
    
3)  The design of this app allows the book to be read online. This feature is
    enforced in this demo version, and thus an Internet connection is required
    to run this app on any device. Enforcing this feature allowed quicker tests
    and easier demonstration, but may reduce demo effects.

Q&A:

1.  Where is the contents?
A:  In this demo version, books are placed and read online, hence no data is
    shipped with the app. I spent US$60 in a decent VPS server to make sure it
    works fine. Local book management is implemented as well, but not enabled
    for now.
    To me, the ability to utilitize contents located over the Internet, and the
    ablilty to distribute the application without initial data is a feature.
    And if you open the app often enough, you can actually notice our progress,
    as the updates are "pushed" from our server right to your device.

2.  I did not see any dynamic contents in your app.
A:  This demo app is intended to be a base of future parts. There are mechanisms
    implemented in code to allow virtually any dynamic features to be added on
    an per-app basis.

3.  The contents in the book and the artwork mismatch.
A:  This is intended, as the content now is temporarily borrowed from the final
    product (We have two discreet teams, one working on technological gear,
    another on contents.)

Maxthon T. Chan <xcvista@me.com>
Jan. 3, 2013
Updated: Jan. 5, 2013
